Glamour magazine has joined the ranks of NBC News, USA Today, CNN, CBS, the Los Angeles Times and others in having to publish corrections after falsely labelling me a racist, a white nationalist or a white supremacist.
Here’s how the latest ritual humiliation went down.

On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:37 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Dear Ms. Mallon:

You recently published an article naming my client Milo Yiannopolous a white supremacist. We are demanding an immediate correction to this statement as he has NO association with white nationalists/supremacists, and has always condemned these groups. You all offer no proof of any such affiliations, thus you might want to consult with the AP Style Book on that.

We demand an immediate correction to the language used in your article based on a false narrative, or we will pursue legal options against you, Glamour Magazine, and Conde Nast to remedy the problem.

On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:38 PM, Clark, Meredith wrote:

I was the editor on that piece, and would be happy to correct the headline to say “racist troll,” for which there is voluminous evidence online and in other reporting.
On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:40 PM, MILO <milo@yiannopoulos.net> wrote:

Some kind of racist that just got railed for 18 hours in a hotel room by his black boyfriend. You fucking morons.  
On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:44 PM, Clark, Meredith wrote:

He was banned from Twitter for harassment and hate speech. “Alt-right” is a term that obfuscates and obscures the ideological underpinnings of the people who identify with it.
On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:46 PM, MILO <milo@yiannopoulos.net> wrote:

I’m not a member of the alt-right and have said so repeatedly in interviews for months. Wrong again.

Find one tweet of mine that could be classed as “targeted harassment.”
While you’re at it, would you like me to supply some of Leslie Jones’s tweets about white people and tweets of hers directly inciting her followers to dogpile her interlocutors?
On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:49 PM, [redacted] wrote:

Ms. Clark – please cite hard proof of Milo being a racist troll, not based on anecdotal and false narratives.
On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:52 PM, MILO <milo@yiannopoulos.net> wrote:

I like the sound of “MILO sues GLAMOUR for outrageous ‘white supremacist’ slur” […] maybe we should make an example out of them.
On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 1:03 PM, Clark, Meredith wrote:

I’m happy to relay your concerns. At the moment I have to step away to other pressing matters. Thank you.
On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 1:21 PM, MILO <milo@yiannopoulos.net> wrote:

More pressing than being sued for defamation?

I guess someone was spotted in last season’s Manolos. Like, totally heinous!

On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 1:28 PM, Clark, Meredith wrote:

I have forwarded this to our legal department and I’m sure you will hear from them shortly. Thank you very much.
A short time later… Screenshot 2017-01-26 23.07.56If you’re wondering why I bother spending time and money extracting confessions and corrections from the liars and incompetents of the mainstream press, it’s to make examples of the most irresponsible and sloppy journalists in the hope that word spreads.

It’s not okay to lie about people, and particularly not okay to hurl the worst imaginable names at people just because you think you might not like their politics.

In this case, the editor rolled over so quickly I can’t help but wonder if she knew “white supremacist” was a lie when she published it, which sounds malicious to say the least.

“White supremacist”  and “white nationalist” aren’t like “meanypants” — you can’t just attach them to people you don’t like without any thought to the consequences. The progressive left has done it to ordinary Americans for decades. The result? President Trump.

Trump of course has given up on ever expecting the media to cover him fairly. Instead, he trolls the fuck out of them and holds a mirror up to their obfuscations, distortions and mendacity. But I don’t quite have his social media firepower.

Hopefully these frothing progressive idiots will learn their lesson soon. In the meantime, I reserve the right to bring legal action against Glamour – and any other journalists and news organisations who repeat this odious libel.

Glamour‘s reporting is still riddled with errors. It accuses me of being a “notorious online harasser”, which is only true if you’re a feminist I’ve caught lying or bullying someone else and decided to call you out.

It claims I “inspired a racist hate campaign” against Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones, which is another lie. (I wrote a negative review of her movie and said she looked like a man on Twitter.) It alleges I “instigated the sexist Gamer Gate attacks.” (A ludicrous and insupportable allegation.) But at some point you have to move on with your life.

Beat me with your arguments, darlings — not name-calling.

I hear the protesters aren’t having too much fun out there in this weather. Shame. Poor lambs.

My team and I actually found the public ANTIFA Facebook group behind the protest out there. In it, they discussed whether or not they should wear masks to hide their identities, using their Facebook names, for all to see. No I am not making this up; my enemies are that fucking stupid.

Here’s one of them, peacefully expressing his dislike for me.

Where are you Gabe? I’d like you to try now please, if you’re hearing this! Come on.

Fucking idiots.

Anyway, moving on…

The Democrats have absolutely no idea what happened to them this election. But to me, it is extremely obvious.  The Democrats have gone from being the party of the common man, to the party of the cuckold.

Once upon a time, this was the voter the Democrat party supported.  This man worked hard in a dirty and dangerous environment, often shortening his life from disease and injury, for the American dream- to give his family a better life.

This type of man was and still is the backbone of this country, and he exists today in factories and yes even in coal mines.  Coal mines the left will proudly tell you they want to put out of business.

But this type of guy is no longer welcome by the progressives and the Democrats.

They have a new favorite voter.

Here he is! The current year Democrat. The social justice warrior. He doesn’t work, or if he does it is the service industry, because he is too busy complaining about things. He probably joined the Women’s March on Washington trying to hook up with some women after white knighting them.

What this profound change represents is a massive shift completely into the extreme fringe of leftist politics, which we call Identity Politics. What matters is your minority group, and how aggrieved you are.

The white working class is incompatible with those who have taken over the left. Nannying schoolmarms. Haughty college professors and worse yet, their brainwashed students shouting slogans. Race hustlers that define them as “part of the problem” just because they are white. I frankly don’t blame anyone for running away from the left, do you?

Let’s be clear about what the left lost. The white working class turned against the Democrat party in a historic fashion during this election. The numbers are stunning, even to someone as stunning as me.

I’m not a dataporn kind of faggot like those low-testosterone losers at the Guardian and the spectacularly dreadful FiveThirtyEight but I have to share a few of the key stats from Pew Research with you.

College-educated whites voted for Donald Trump by a 4% margin. This is similar to how they voted for Mitt Romney. That is a bit embarrassing to be honest, but we have to admit that those goofy #NeverTrump people are all college eggheads. Proof that college can make you dumber.

But the numbers for those that didn’t graduate college are amazing. A 39% margin for Trump! These are the deplorables, ladies and gentlemen, just as much as the hip millennials posting Pepe on Twitter.

Let’s be clear about one thing. Non-college educated doesn’t mean stupid. It means you wisely chose not to pay $40,000 a year to be lectured on microaggressions. Some of the smartest and most successful people in history have been either college dropouts, like me, or people who never attended at all, like a lot of my crew on this tour.

They are smarter — and so am I — than 90 per cent of the people in this room. They’re already more successful and they already have more enjoyable jobs and have more political and cultural influence than most of the people in this room.

No offense! But my point is that “non-college educated” isn’t a synonym for dumb redneck or idiot. A good 50 per cent of the most successful people I know didn’t get a university degree.

The split among all voters is also amazing. All college graduates went to Hillary by a 9% margin, while all people without degrees went to Trump by 8%. We haven’t seen this kind of gap since 1980.

So rather than smart versus dumb, try to think of this split in cultural terms.

When we look at the way counties voted in battleground states, it is a similar story. Trump won Wisconsin by taking 10 counties that typically go Democrat. Kenosha County has been Democrat since 1972, but it went to Trump.  Similar stories and countries exist in every state.

The evidence very clearly shows the left lost the white working class. The working class has always been a Democrat stronghold, mostly due to the Democrat control of labor unions. A long time ago when labor unions had a real purpose, Democrats fought for things we value now, like a 40 hour workweek and ending child labor.

As you might guess, I wouldn’t mind child labor coming back because I don’t like kids much, but even I know GENERALLY we are better off with kids going to school.

Liberals have lots of theories for why working class whites abandoned them. The most obvious of which is their old standby, “they are racist”.  That’s absurd… the same counties I just mentioned all voted for Obama, most of them twice.

They will also argue that whites voted this way out of anger. They voted for the clown candidate out of spite, to hurt the world that hurt them. This is a plot from a poorly written novel, it’s probably in Harry Potter somewhere since that is the only book that millennial liberals can reference.

Again, like their other theories, that is insane. American voters had multiple options to express their displeasure with the system.

They might vote for third party candidates like Crazy Jill Stein and high as a kite Gary Johnson.

Maybe even the heroic Jeb Bush.

Or they could just stay home.  And guess what, Democrats did all three to varying degrees in different states.  The Democrat push to get Republicans to vote third party failed disastrously at the same time. That McMuffin guy wouldn’t even win his home state of Utah.

This was Obama’s argument. He famously slapped the very people that elected him in Pennsylvania when he said:

“They get bitter; they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who aren’t like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations.”

What an amazing statement. After he said it, a lot of people realized just how out of touch with Americans the President really was. But it turns out it wasn’t just Obama, it was the entire party.

Just consider the values of the working class and you will see how incompatible the left has become.

The white working class wants jobs. They don’t want to be stuck trying to make ends meet with part-time work and government assistance. They want a good paying job that they can take pride in. The type of job that has fled America thanks to the left.

The white working class wants safety. They want to work hard while not worrying that their family is in danger from terrorists or criminals. It’s a basic American value as captured by Norman Rockwell.

The white working class wants freedom to do what they want. If they work a long shift, they don’t want scolding yuppies telling them they can’t drink a large soda. They don’t want to be lectured for enjoying a movie with some T&A. They certainly don’t want to sit down to a video game only to be lectured about sex and violence. They want to watch a NASCAR race without being lectured about global warming by people who fly around in private planes.

And finally, they want freedom of speech. They don’t want to be told what they can say and they don’t want to be called racist or be told they are bitterly clinging to God and guns for disagreeing with their elected politicians.

You see actually it’s often the working classes who enjoy the most subversive art. Madonna, Marilyn Manson, Guns and Roses. These are mainstream artists but they are artists who appeal primarily to the working classes.

What they all have in common is that they push or pushed the boundaries of decency and tried out new and dangerous ideas. Like your favourite faggot, Milo Yiannopoulos, they are generally scorned by the ruling elites while being phenomenally popular with ordinary people.

Here’s a list of things the modern Democrats value.

Globalization – Hillary wanted a borderless economic zone. Who do you think suffers the most under globalism? The working class of course, through wage depression, stagnant standards of living and unemployment.

Social Justice – Identity politics is the heart of social justice, where victims are in a pyramid and the most privileged people on earth are white men. Social justice warriors especially on campus would have the audacity to go up to a coal miner and lecture them on their privilege. If you’re a straight white male, no matter how poor you are or how bad your life has been, forget ever getting any sympathy from the left.

Islam – Liberals are in love with Islam, mainly because of identity politics. Even the women’s rights march was led by Muslim women with their heads covered! The white working class desires safety for their families, but Islam brings everything but safety. Look at Europe!

Free Everything – free education, free birth control, free healthcare, free Obamaphones.  All of these things are paid for by SOMEONE, and it isn’t usually the ultra-rich. It is the paycheck earners who watch their healthcare costs skyrocket.

Control of Speech – The left wants to control speech and thought. To them, America should be one giant college campus! The working class hates being lectured by Harvard and yes, even by UC Colorado Springs.

What the left doesn’t value, however, is the views and identities of the white working-class voters across America. This past election cycle brought us the most vicious anti-white rhetoric we have seen in years. You’ve undoubtedly noticed feminists brandishing “I Bathe in White Male Tears” signs and such. You’ve likely witnessed the liberal news cycle call out straight white males day after day.

The same obnoxious, patronizing tone. They talk to you like you’re a stupid dog who just pissed the rug for the fifth time this week. When that fails, they’ll blame slavery on you.

I gotta say, I’m a gay Brit here as a warning from Europe but I watch how ordinary Americans are spoken about and it makes me mad. You could even say I’m offended.

This is exactly the type of thing that put Trump into the White House. The more of this, the more voters see Lena Dunham talking about the extinction of the white race…. The longer the Republicans will be in power.

For years, the left and its various degenerate platoons like Hollywood, New York media and the universities vilified and generalized about an entire race. All the while of course telling us that race was just a social construct.

There are nearly 200 million white people in this country. Did you really think enough wouldn’t get tired of you harassing them, lying about them and insulting them and vote to save themselves from your odious bigotry?

The left berated, assaulted, and socially ostracised a huge slice of the population based on skin color.

If you’re listening to this, and you wrote or tweeted about “white men” being the problem, I want you to know that the next eight years are entirely your fault, so please soak it in.

This is the best way to look at it: Take any anti-white male propaganda the left has created and replace the word “white” or “male” with another group. “I Bathe In Black Tears,” wouldn’t go over too well would it? In my case I bathe in another fluid from black people but out of propriety I try not to bring it up too often.

The “die cis scum” social media activists of the world either can’t see this, or refuse to acknowledge it.

Something similar happened with feminism, you will recall.

So the question is, left-wing America: You now know why Trump is your president. You should understand what put him there. What will you do to fix it? Will you stop engaging in lopsided identity politics? Will you abandon them altogether? Or will you continue down the same path?

That strange homeless guy, Shia LeBoeuf is completely right: “He will not divide us.” But the liberal left will and if you look around, they already have, by dividing people into groups based on skin color, sexuality and gender.

They have forgotten the lessons of Dr King, who would be horrified by identity politics and probably have voted Trump like Kim and Kanye.

We fight outrage culture by being outrageous, and Trump and I are the answer to this need.

Within hours of Trump’s presidency, he began working on the exact policies he promised throughout the election. Now the rollback begins, and we use it to our advantage, rebuilding culture brick by brick.

I know some of you don’t believe me. Although I’m always proven right, there are still haters who won’t accept that the Democrat party has rejected the white working class so completely. So I am going to let the Democrats themselves tell you, in their own words.

This is Sally Boynton Brown, who wants to be the chairman of the Democrat National Committee, on what she thinks the chair of the DNC should do:

They all sound as crazy as her folks. She isn’t the Jill Stein of the DNC, she is a mainstream leftist.  They sound exactly like European politicians now, but Europeans don’t blame whites for everything, they just blame the people of their own country, like Germans or Frenchmen.

And the emphasis on Islam is the same as Europe too. The Executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations has announced that stopping the influx of Muslim refugees into this country is the moral equivalent of slavery.

Their madness is deepening folks. It used to be all white people and only white people were racist, now any policy they don’t like is slavery.  Good luck pushing that outside of Salon, Twitter, and college campuses.

The left didn’t learn anything from the beatdown they suffered on election night. In fact they are doubling-down on their identity politics.

Conservatives aren’t just deplorables and racists, we’re white nationalist hatemongers.  And white women and the working class who voted for Trump are too. They’ve ramped up their fake news activities to prove how wrong we all are, and their top weapon is fake hate crimes.

America has a problem with fake hate crimes. The left is always searching for the next big outrage, and sometimes when the pressure gets too high, they just decide to make them up. That is basically how the UVA rape fantasy that ran in Rolling Stone came about by the way.

This trend has just accelerated since the election, fake attacks on Muslim women seem to be in vogue right now. But it isn’t a new trend. I wrote an article in May 2016 that documented 100 fake hate crimes in the last decade. 100 of them! And surely there were more that just didn’t make it into the public eye.

I bring this up because Colorado Springs is part of the list. In 2015, threats were left outside of a predominantly black church referencing the KKK and a second one says “Black men beware, you are the target”.

There’s just one problem. This is the evil racist local police found behind the messages.

Whoops, it’s a black guy! Sadly, this is part of an increasing trend in the US towards sensational but untrue stories.  Fake hate crimes are the original fake news.

I mentioned the UVA rape case, which was a complete fabrication happily carried by the leftist media. Of course everyone with a brain knows that rape culture on campus is a myth. 1 in 4 women on campus will not be raped, and American universities are not more dangerous than war-torn African nations, sorry about it.

But there are rape cultures in this world, and most of them are because of Muslims. A few years ago Colorado Springs got a taste of that first hand, when a group of 5 Iraqi men gangraped a woman, leaving her severely injured with blood spattered all over the walls.

Here’s one of the Iraqis involved, Jasim Mohammed Hassin Ramadon. Let’s all say a quick prayer of thanks to God that Donald Trump is already taking action to stop Islam’s rape culture from flooding America.

Islam carries rape wherever it goes. Whether it is the refugee rape gangs in Germany, or the long term grooming gangs in Rotherham, this is an actual rape problem that America doesn’t need. Unfortunately the west didn’t get the message at the time of this attack in Colorado Springs, but we have it now!

Identity politics never unifies the groups it pretends to care about, it just leads to intense jockeying for positions as America’s next biggest victim class. As the Democrats continue to descend into this madness, these groups will fight ever increasing battles for supremacy.

Of course I called this.. I wrote a piece in 2015 called “Minority Wars” that chronicled the way different groups within the leftist movement will fight each other over the next decade.

Some of them have already come true!

One of the battles I foresaw was intersectional feminists versus white feminists. That has already started, with white women at the women’s march being told to shut up and learn their place. Sounds a little like that DNC chairman hopeful doesn’t it?

There will be more fights. Trannies versus feminists is the one I’m looking forward to. Or there’s the one that hits closes to home, white gay men versus the entire rest of the LGBT spectrum, which gets three letters added to it every week.

The biggest battles will be amongst identities that don’t even exist yet. Maybe people that identify as Lego figures versus people that identify as the USS Enterprise. That would be a fun one wouldn’t it?

You should be seeing my point. Identity politics feeds on itself, and is tremendously destructive. The white working class, and America overall has rejected identity politics by electing Donald Trump, but the Democrats don’t care, and will have the political party they have chosen.

What Democrat Leaders Aren’t in Line?

I’ve said tonight that all the Democrats sound as crazy as that cat lady who wants to run the Democrat party. But some of them aren’t falling in line with the nuts. Have you figured out who I am talking about? It’s big labor.

I am no fan of labor unions. I don’t think they serve the purpose they once did, which was getting the American worker a fair shake. I think in many cases they hurt competitiveness and have hurt the very workers they represent.

But Labor leader are smart. They know it is very difficult to be the highly paid head of a union when there are no workers to represent. And that is the track America has been on.

This week big labor met with Donald Trump, and they gushed about him. Can you imagine labor leaders speaking about a Republican positively? Hell, there are lots of of Republicans that don’t talk about Daddy this way.

Here is a choice quote, about Trump’s decision to get rid of TPP: “With this decision, the president has taken the first step toward fixing 30 years of bad trade policies that have cost working Americans millions of good-paying jobs.”

The labor unions put their money behind Hillary Clinton, but they’ve swung around to Trump, because more jobs in America is good for everybody including big labor.

I’m going to give you one of my extremely rare trigger warnings, because I’m going to show you a graph about economics. I know many of you think you have enough classes during the week, but this is the dirty little secret about American workers that the left doesn’t want you to know.

The red line is growth in median household income. Hooray! Income has grown 43% since 2000! But not so fast. The blue line is growth adjusted for inflation. It is slightly negative since 2000, and at one point was almost down 10%.

The left can claim the economy is recovering, but the American worker is making no more adjusted for inflation than they were in the year 2000. This is the biggest problem facing the American economy, but the left would rather lecture you about cultural appropriation and microaggressions.

As a final aside on this graph, mainly so I can punish anyone not in STEM by keeping it up on the screen longer, who do you have confidence in helping American workers? The businessman who has made billions and created many thousands of jobs, or the politicians who have spent their life in the swamp?

I’d like to end this speech with a quick note about the men and women I’ve been speaking about, the white working class of America.

As a foreigner, I’ve had more exposure to the working class during this tour than I ever had before. They’ve been at my shows, spoken to me in public, and I’ve come to know them. Plenty of my active-duty military and veteran fans fall into this category too.

Working class Americans are fundamentally decent people. They are work hard, play hard people.  They are very different than me, and frankly very different from most of you. No matter what background you come from, you shouldn’t look down on the working class, because they are what America is really about.

The difference between conservatives and the new breed of Democrats is that we don’t think the working class is evil, or that they need to be controlled and taught how to think.

They care about the same things as we do. A strong America, a great economy, jobs for them AND you all when you graduate, and a safe place to live.

The American dream is what fuels the working class. The dream to improve economically and give their children a better life than they had.

At some point in the recent past, liberals decided that dreamers are illegal immigrants who should get cheap college tuition instead of hard working Americans who deserve more than shuttered factories.

To those Americans, I say welcome to the party of Trump, it’s going to be a wild ride.

In fact I’m considered so dangerous that today, January 20th, I am the second most dangerous man in America.  Second only to Daddy, who has taken office today.  That’s right, social justice losers! Donald Trump is your president now and there’s nothing you can do about it.

To be honest, I’m shocked the University of Washington’s sports teams are called the Huskies. Why haven’t the leftists that run this entire state demanded they be renamed the “Athletes of Size” so as to not fat shame anyone? For our international viewers, “husky” is a euphemism for hamplanet — you know, the sort of people who wear fumigation tents as prom dresses.

Did you guys see those horrible posters hung up around your campus? I have absolutely no idea who’s responsible! I was told this is such a liberal campus I ought to have bolted the signs down with metal. I mean they should have bolted the signs on with metal.

You’re all familiar with a protest movement that started up calling itself Disrupt J20.  What you might not have realized is they are a meritocracy. All of the really good commie sleazebags got trips to Washington DC to try to cause problems at the inauguration.

All of the losers were left back here in Seattle.

Why are Washington and Oregon the home turf of every violent left-wing radical? It seems to be a never ending cycle of radical lefties burning down Starbucks and moderate lefties upset they can’t get their lattes.

They are also threatening to walk out on their jobs and classes as well. You kinda have to be fucking employed for that to work in the first place. And as for school, I’m sure psych professors nationwide won’t mind a day without fat dykes interrupting their lectures.

These Disrupt J20 goobers have even gone so far as to threaten me!

My speeches are so dangerous to student’s ears that Disrupt J20 hung up a banner here on campus that says “Stab Milo, All Out J20”.  

You know if you are truly upset, I have just the solution for you!

This type of reaction from the left has opened the eyes of the normies at home more than anything else besides my handsome features, amazing hair, and personal style. The most deafening redpill is a sexually-ambiguous super retard turbo-lez screaming strange threats into your face with a megaphone.

I am constantly accused of hate speech, spreading dangerous truths, and using violent words — as though there could be such a thing as “violent words.” These distortions of language are invented by university professors and propagated by people like that nice young man Rachel Maddow on the TV.

But it’s the left wing radicals who openly call for my death!  They’ll get a free pass on it too, because these J20 retards are just reciting what their loony professors taught them. It’s our duty now to BREAK THE CONDITIONING!

In the United Kingdom a government anti-extremism task force stopped me from speaking at the high school I attended because title was “FEMINISM’S THREAT TO FREE SPEECH”, and not “MUSLIMS ROCK!”.

They’d never stop a Muslim, because that might be racist (or he might explode), but they stopped me. In the light of direct threats on my life, the response to my tour from academia, journalists, and even the government is silence.

Newsflash for the radical left: You will never stop me. You cannot stop my relentless pursuit of free speech on campus for all students, not just those that support radical left-wing orthodoxy.

You may resist us violently, but you will lose. You will convince millions of onlookers, including liberals who aren’t afraid to speak the truth, to rise up against you. All you will have to show for your efforts is some time in a jail cell.

OK, some prison time is a fantasy of mine, but you all get my point.

Who made these slides? I’m not John Podesta!

Speaking of gays, who in here is gay?

NOT ANYMORE!

There are some other fun events going on in Seattle this week related to the inauguration. This afternoon, students from Seattle Central College staged a walkout. Have you ever noticed the students that MOST need to keep their noses in the books are the most eager to walk out of class? I see a connection there, it’s always liberals of course. Purely coincidental!

 

Tomorrow there is a women’s march, like the one in Washington DC. I support women marching. As the fat acceptance movement’s most prominent critic, I’m well aware of how “body positivity” has resulted in an increase in the number of obese women in America. Anything that involves a bit of exercise for our sisters and moms is alright by me!

But I hope they bring some men along to keep them on course. I don’t mean to be rude, but it’s well established in the research literature that men have far better spacial awareness and sense of direction than girls.

Can you imagine 50,000 hairy, overweight feminists wandering, hopelessly lost around downtown Seattle, like a drunk Sasquatch convention?  

Have you noticed these armpit hair-braiding west coast femsquatches spell “women” with an X? W-O-M-X-N.  Is the X silent? How do you pronounce that? It’s like “LATIN-X”.

Is it Lat-tinks? Sounds like a new paraplegic cholo X-Men character who was shocked he didn’t have to be jumped into the group. Too bad that after today’s inauguration, he has to go back!

I always there was feminist biology and feminist history, I didn’t know we had feminist spelling!  This is what always happens ladies and gentlemen, a women’s march becomes instead a chance, quote, “to acknowledge the impact of discrimination based not only on gender but also race, sexual orientation, nationality, faith, class, disability and body odor.”

Why can’t it just be a women’s march? The same thing has happened in Washington DC, where the women’s march has become a mess of identity politics with black women lecturing their white comrades and every other identity jockeying for power in the left’s grotesque minority war Hunger Games.

Or, in case of feminists, Hungry Games.

My theory is that women simply can’t get along with each other or work well together. Call it intrasexual competition or whatever, but the results are obvious. I’ll quote my favorite twentieth-century philosophy, Al Bundy: “Don’t try to understand women, women understand women, and they hate each other.”

Or, in other words, girls are retards.

Now before we get to the main event, it’s time for a commercial. I speak for free at campuses, but it is still a capitalist world and what do you know, finally I have something to sell that isn’t my ass.

I’m just kidding. My ass is free. Well, I had to make it free, because Obama stopped me from swiping EBT.

One thing that’s not free is my new book, DANGEROUS.

I wrote a book! Did you know it reached the #1 Best Seller on Amazon within a day of announcement. DANGEROUS by MILO YIANNOPOULOS is available for preorder wherever books are sold.

Our main topic for this evening is one of grave concern to America right now. The government and even the United Nations are taking great pains to fight it, and psychologists stay up all night long wondering how to protect children from it.

No, it isn’t radical Islam or Marxist-Feminism, it’s cyberbullying.

I’ve got news for you everyone, as you may have seen from the posters around your campus: Tyler the creator is correct. Cyberbullying isn’t real.  

The National Crime Prevention Council defines cyberbullying as “the process of using the Internet, cell phones or other devices to send or post text or images intended to hurt or embarrass another person.”

I personally define it as “the next best thing to a good wank.”

Of course that quote from the Council describes practically everything posted on the Internet doesn’t it? I’ve included that definition because it is important to understand just what we are up against. An establishment who wishes to define anything they don’t like as cyberbullying.

Cyberbullying being treated as an epidemic in America is an extension of the problems we face on College campuses. I’d like to point out some of the major dimensions of this phenomenon.

 

The millennial generation has been trained by helicopter parents and teachers who put feelings above everything else to be fragile. We have taught children to turn the smallest of incidents into vast emotional meltdowns.

Why do we turn every event into a worst case scenario? Is it because it earns us a larger response and more sympathy from both online and offline communities?

Consider the microaggression. It is a relatively recent creation on campus, one that essentially takes a magnifying glass to the most minor of annoyances in order to make it seem colossal. Isn’t that the same thing as taking unkind words on the Internet and making a crying response video?

Somehow we transformed our culture from being based on free speech, to one full of thin-skinned babies whose feelings must be protected both on campus and on the Internet. Just think. When George Bush Snr ran for President, they called him a wimp! George H.W. Bush was a fighter pilot and head of the CIA.

What will happen when we have the first presidential campaign featuring a genderqueer furry who has videos of himself crying on YouTube because someone insulted his My Little Pony drawings?

 

If this keeps up, your future Commander-in-Chief may have a history of sexually abusing zir-self to gay Harry Potter fan-fiction.

Being a victim is big business. The left has turned it into a badge of honor, and something used to consolidate money and power. The social justice warrior elements of the gaming world turned victimization into a cottage industry during GamerGate.  One of them, Brianna Wu, is now running for congress.

It’s 2017 and yet another white male is running for public office! Kind of looks like someone gave John Cleese a wig and $50 to spend at JCPenney. Whoever performed that gender reassignment should be deported.

Truthfully, I hope Brianna is elected. I want the opposition to Donald Trump in Congress to be filled with shrill and incompetent liberals with deep-seated psychiatric problems. At least they will be accurately representing their voters.

On campus, I also see evidence of students eager to proclaim themselves victims. Whether it is the patriarchy, the government, the white race, or more often all three, students actively seek out opportunities to cry about how terrible their life is.

Of course, when they can’t find ways to be a victim, they fake it!

Kayla Simon-McKelvey, a graduate of Kean University, is charged with leaving a rally against racism so she could tweet threats to black students from a fake account. She then returned to the rally to spread the word of the terrible racists threatening the students.

At University of Wyoming, Meg Lanker-Simons posted sexual comments and threats about herself, and then went on a crusade against her own posts. She came to the same conclusion that Rolling Stone did… if you can’t find rape culture on campus, make it up!

Incidentally, this is Meg.

And this is what Meg posted … about herself.

“I want to hatefuck Meg Lanker — so hard. That chick that runs her liberal mouth all the time and doesn’t care who knows it. I think its [sic] hot and it makes me angry. One night with me and she’s gonna be a good Republican bitch.”

Literally nobody writes like this.

Meg, I feel comfortable telling you, from my perch as a leading Republican bitch, that NOBODY wants to hatefuck you, and especially not those pursed lips. You’re trying too hard, especially for a fat girl. Please stop. I doubt you’d even find a date in Harlem.

Stick to the beta white knights who are actually stalkers and rapists and you’ll have better luck.

Both of these women cyberbullied themselves, assuming of course that we accept cyberbullying is a real thing. And assuming we accept that even the most desperate bottom-feeder from the fetid depths of slash b would take time out of their days from masturbating to hentai tentacle trap porn to give these toads a second look.

Just as we’ve turned into a thin-skinned culture, we’ve turned into one in which victims are held in ludicrously unjustified esteem. So some people — liberals — become victims by any means necessary.

Not long ago, 18-year-olds were being sent off to kill the Vietcong in the jungles. Now they don’t even have the chutzpah to kill themselves after a good online roasting.

Liberals love to couch things in vague terms. The reason? It’s much easier to be repressive and authoritarian when you don’t have to say exactly what you mean.

Take for example the ubiquitous movements against hate speech. Well the problem with hate speech is that it can mean ANYTHING. In practice, hate speech is anything liberals don’t agree with. Remember, I’m hate speech according to professors and campus crybabies.

When universities are more specific, they always face pushback.  At Washington State University, where I was supposed to speak yesterday if all the roads hadn’t been shut down, a gender studies professor named Selena Lester Breikss had the balls to say exactly what she meant by hate speech.

““Gross generalizations, stereotypes and derogatory/oppressive language are not acceptable. Use of racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, xenophobic, classist or generally offensive language in class or submission of such material will not be tolerated. (This includes ‘The Man,’ ‘Colored People,’ ‘Illegals/Illegal Aliens,’ ‘Tranny’ and so on — or referring to women/men as females or males.) If I see it or hear it, I will correct it in class since it can be a learning moment for many students. Repeated use of oppressive and hateful language will be handled accordingly — including but not limited to removal from the class without attendance or participation points, failure of the assignment, and — in extreme cases — failure for the semester.””

Things like calling a man a man and a woman a woman. Using such terrible hate speech in her class might earn you an F!  

Of course when it was clearly spelled out, the President of the school thankfully moved to protect the first amendment on campus. Most professors already understood keeping language vague is the way to go. And so is broadening the definition of offenses so you can accuse anyone, any time — exactly what’s happened to the word “rape” on campus.

Cyberbullying is the same. EVERYTHING is called cyberbullying these days. You might be accused of cyberbullying by replying to a tweet with facts. A different person may claim cyberbullying if you Retweet them without permission!

The desire to be a victim and make mountains out of molehills drives young people to claim cyberbullying, and the way they can claim it is because cyberbullying is anything you say it is. A bit like your gender at many of the best universities.

Once something is labeled hate speech or cyberbullying, in the eyes of the authoritarian left it should be shut down. Or your Twitter account should be taken away!

Free speech is not a concept compatible with the fragile victimhood culture of the left. And nor are any of the other precious forms of free expression so critical to artists, comedians, writers and journalists, such as criticism, satire, mockery and mischief.

I will point out my favorite thing about the vague language of the left is that they never apply it to themselves. Leftists love to cyberbully, like good old Leslie Jones.

Here she is with what can only be described as targeted harassment. “Get her!”  That’s schoolyard bullying at its finest.

Here’s another one.

Ending a message with “kill yourself.” She would fit right in on 4chan.

And here’s one of my favorites.

Leslie loves to say she was hacked when she is busted dishing out the sort of robust criticism that has her running for help from Jack Dorsey.

Those Leslie Jones tweets aren’t cyberbullying because cyberbullying isn’t real. However it clearly shows the hypocrisy of the left crying cyberbullying when their own heroes and martyrs lead the charge with bad behavior.

Naturally, the instinct of the left is to run to the government to fix things. When you want a nanny state, first you need babies in need of care.

Unless of course you are a Democrat supporter of Planned Parenthood, in which case you’ve already killed them all. If there are any women in the audience who have had abortions, I apologize for offending you.

If it helps, my roasts are nothing compared to being plunged headfirst into a lake of fire in hell, which is what awaits you after your inevitable cat-assisted suicide in lonely middle-age, but that’s a topic for another day and really none of my business.

We shouldn’t want the government having anything to do with our speech, let alone deciding what cyberbullying is. I find it mind-boggling that this statement could be controversial even on the left. Reminder lefties, Donald Trump was just elected president! You don’t want him targeting your speech do you?

Frankly, the government is incompetent in this area. The Fort Lauderdale Airport shooter walked into an FBI office and told them he was with ISIS, but they let him walk right out. As internet sleuths discovered within the first hour, while the blood of innocents still glistened on that Floridian baggage carousel, he had been posting on radical Islamic propaganda forums half a decade previously.

Maybe if the FBI and CIA spent less time trying to interfere with Trump’s inauguration and a bit more monitoring domestic terror, I don’t know…

I mean, seriously? You’re telling me we should have agents searching for people who tweet pictures of Harambe to Leslie Jones instead of searching for the next shooter?

How many months did it take them to find the wife of Pulse Nightclub shooter Omar Mateen?

Katherine Clark, the wacky congressional representative from Massachusetts, recently proposed a bill called the “Cybercrime Enforcement Training Assistance Act”, which luckily didn’t pass.  

The cybercrime she wanted to stop was anonymous people online calling feminists fat and ugly. You’d think cybercrime would be hacking banks, or hacking elections. But instead she’d spend 20 million dollars a year teaching cops how to stop people from telling obvious truths, such as women would be happier in the kitchen and that feminism is the final stage in a process that begins with overeating and cobwebbed vaginas. 

Here’s the thing. Anything the government or authorities do to stop bullying just results in bullies getting stronger. This is backed up by the Journal of Criminology, where scientists from the University of Texas and Michigan State found that students at schools with anti-bullying programs are more likely to be bullied than at those without.

The nanny state exists not to protect you or anyone else, but rather to control you. I guess it makes sense that the same people praying for the CIA to block Trump from being President want the government to control their thoughts and actions online.

The United States government isn’t alone in fighting the fictional crime of cyberbullying. The United Nations is also on the case!

Now I know many of you scoff at that — “Oh, the United Nations is stupid, and powerless!”  

But America gave control of the Internet over to the United Nations, or weren’t you paying attention to the Dangerous Faggot tour? It’s like I told you at the University of Alabama.

Cyberbullying isn’t expansive enough for the UN, so they call it cyberviolence.  And according to the UN, cyberviolence against women is as bad as real life violence. Amazing idea, the United Nations thinks women are so fragile that words can hurt them as much as sticks and stones!

“The report also argues that “cyber touch is recognized as equally as harmful as physical touch,” suggesting that online harassment might be just as lethal as domestic violence or sexual abuse.”

In a way, this is the left-wing endgame. Your behavior and speech online should be dictated by privileged middle class feminists who have never done a hard day of work in their life.

The UN issued a report called “Cyber Violence Against Women and Girls: A Global Wake-up Call”.  The report was so hilariously filled with bullshit and errors, they eventually had to pull it offline. But only because my Breitbart colleagues and I tore it apart.  They probably considered my reporting to be cyberbullying.

Anita Sarkeesian testified in front of the United Nations on this issue, and she illustrates the expansion of definitions that I mentioned earlier.  Anita said online “harassment” doesn’t simply consist of what is “legal and illegal,” but “also the day-to-day grind of ‘you’re a liar’ and ‘you suck,’ including all of these hate videos that attack us on a regular basis.”

Anita darling… you suck and you’re a liar. People don’t hate you because you’re a woman. They hate you because you’re a cunt. And fix your fucking eyebrows.

The United Nations based this report on lunatics, like a guy who thinks Pokemon is Satanic, and sex-negative feminist sourpuss Gail Dines. Again, I will remind you that they will control the Internet soon.

Cyberbullying isn’t real. But bullying and harassment certainly are real. Trust me friends, I went to school in England, they’ve got bullying down to a fine art. I know, because I was one of its chief architects. I was awful to my fellow schoolboys.

The only person who regularly victimised me was my parish priest. But I kind of liked it. Shout out, Fr Duane.

Similarly, not all victims of bullying and harassment are purely crybabies or attention-seeking losers. There are very real victims in this world, but uniformly, they are the victim of more serious crimes than simple bullying over the computer.

I’m referring to young people that kill themselves following online harassment. One thing you might not know is that overwhelmingly these are young men, and not young women.

To refer to a famous case, Tyler Clementi, a freshman at Rutgers, killed himself by jumping off a bridge following his roommate recording him kissing another man. The roommate spread the footage via social media, and his friends made mean comments about Tyler.

To call this is a cyberbullying case is stupid. The roommate recorded Tyler without his consent. We don’t need special laws to prevent this, because it’s already against the law.

Tyler was failed by his teachers, mentors, and the other people in his life including his parents because he was raised completely incapable of dealing with this admittedly unfortunate situation.

There were several obvious avenues of action, including contacting the police and his own university — or simply counselling to come to terms with his sexual orientation.

We lost a bright young man, one of many young men who has committed suicide. This didn’t need to happen. But it isn’t an indictment of the Internet — mean people have existed since the beginning of time. It is an indictment of a culture that left him thin-skinned, unable to unplug, and completely unable to process adversity.

To repeat: the internet isn’t the problem. The problem is not teaching young people how to deal with the brutal knocks coming their way in life. The problem is safe space and trigger warning culture. The problem is social justice. The problem is the progressive left.

Cyberbullying is a made up term designed to curtail speech authorities and left-wingers don’t like. Any actual hurtful activities online, like illegally filming someone, or sending a SWAT team to a competitor’s house as they play a videogame, is a more serious crime already on the books.

When bullying happens over the Internet, it is incredibly simple to remove yourself from the situation. You just turn the computer off. Shoddy parenting and left-wing teachers and journalists who have little or nothing in their own lives beyond social media cannot comprehend this or prepare their charges for the awful things out there on the web.

Bullies and trolls thrive on reactions. Just starve them- don’t give them any attention! It does wonders, and if you can laugh at them, you will start to build up the thick skin you need to survive in today’s occasionally terrifying online landscape.

We don’t need more rules and regulations. You cannot fight human nature. We need young people educated and toughened up so they don’t fall apart at the first sign of mean tweets or people ganging up on them on Facebook.

I will end my presentation tonight with a simple list of steps for liberals to take. We can add cyberbullying at the bottom.

If someone is speaking on campus that you don’t like: DON’T ATTEND THE LECTURE

If someone writes a book you don’t like: DON’T BUY IT OR READ IT

If something on a TV show bugs you: CHANGE THE CHANNEL

If someone is being mean online: TURN OFF THE COMPUTER

I know you are deluged with fan mail from the college students, military personnel and even grandmothers whose lives you’ve touched, but I hope you take a few minutes to read this letter. After all, it isn’t very often you receive correspondence from someone as fabulous and talented as you.

I’m going to get right to the heart of the matter by skipping the requisite part of fan mail that claims you go “too far” in one area or another. I won’t skip the other requisite part — mentioning that your hair and brain are both amazing!

In short, thank you for helping Donald Trump to be elected President of the United States. As a fellow foreigner, I know you will recognize that America is often a bit nuts, but seems to regain sanity at key turning points throughout history.

We are at just such a turning point, but the good guys winning was, for much of 2016, far from guaranteed. America was on the brink of electing Sick Hillary and devolving completely into a kleptocracy. Without any doubt, you have helped America, a country you love as deeply as your native England, to make the right decision.

I will admit, as your biggest fan, that watching the bad guys get upset at you has been just as entertaining as your writing and speaking. The fake news media has gone into overdrive printing lies about you. The campus crybabies have moved past protesting you; they now are threatening to stab you. And the bitcoin brownshirt wing of the alt-right continues to hate your guts.


Skittles' tart response to Trump Jr.'s remarks
Reuters
Autoplay: On | Off
Without question, your voice is the one that reached millennials on campus, in military service, and, yes, even those currently living in their mom’s basement thanks to the Obama economy.

While other leading lights of conservatism were busy arguing policy points or foolishly throwing their weight behind the #NeverTrump movement, you reached young people with a message of free speech, free expression and spread Donald Trump’s message of unleashing hell on the liberal status quo.

You completely called it when you wrote in June of 2015 that Donald Trump should be the Internet’s candidate for President. He was. He was also America’s choice. You were one of the vanishingly few people in public life never to doubt his victory — or the power of the internet to propel him to the most powerful elected office on the face of the Earth. Meme magic is real.

You’ve waged a vast war for free speech on campuses practically single-handed… and won! You’re like a skinny Rambo, with better hair and diction. Your Dangerous Faggot Tour showed young conservatives that they don’t have to furtively hide in the shadows on campus — leading to them expressing themselves as vociferously as their liberal classmates.

Can anyone imagine conservative students chalking messages about their candidate in any other situation? Congratulations for inspiring and entertaining an entire generation of young mischief-makers and freedom-lovers.

Your tour had other effects on voters besides emboldening young conservatives. Your speeches frequently exposed Americans to the ugly underbelly of identity politics. Without a doubt, tens of thousands of voters who would have otherwise voted for Crooked Hillary chose to vote third party or stay home after seeing videos of the hysterical crybabies who have replaced classical liberals in the Democrat power structure. They have been left pondering how their party became the party of hatred and violence.

Not to mention many thousands of undecided voters who chose Trump based on the protestors and university administrations who bent over backwards apologizing for allowing you to speak on their campus.

Can you blame undecided voters for rejecting four years of the country being run by the most boring nannies and scolds in history? Joyless, soulless schoolmarms may run many American universities, but they won’t run America, in part thanks to you, Milo.

I know you could read this forever, because I could write it forever. But both of us need to get back to work, because electing Donald Trump was just the first step in the coming culture war — a war we will win. Maybe my second book will be one long fan letter to myself. In the meantime, I will wrap this up with a few more important MILO moments.

Your war with Sharia-compliant Twitter in 2016 exposed just how far Silicon Valley had descended into liberal activism. You made a convincing case for gay voters to support Donald Trump by speaking outside the Pulse nightclub following the terrorist attack in Orlando.

Your speech underscored the betrayal of LGBT citizens by Hillary Clinton and the Democrats in their rush to embrace Islam. You twisted the knife in trademark MILO fashion by hosting a Gays for Trump party at the RNC. It was the hottest event of the entire RNC — a convention of which you were the undisputed star.

And this is just the beginning. You have recently hit a million fans on Facebook and achieved a quarter-million dollar book deal with a major publisher for a book that shot to #1 on the Amazon Best Seller list within a day of its announcement, two months from publication. You’re the hottest thing in media, and everyone knows it — even the journalists who continually lie about you to their readers, to no effect.

To sum things up, thank you for being you. America and indeed the entire world is a better, safer place with Daddy in charge and with you keeping the world entertained.

It took someone as handsome, intelligent, fashionable, talented, popular, stunning and brave as you — me — to write this letter, so you know your contributions to culture and western civilization have not gone overlooked.

Here’s to a stunning, successful, winning 2017, packed to the gills with cultural, commercial and journalistic success. You are what young conservatism looks like now — and it’s fabulous.

Sally Kohn probably knew her tweet wasn’t true when she sent it. Given the fear and hysteria whipped up by Kohn and her ilk, anyone could have predicted the anger, tears, and rioting from progressives that followed the election of Donald Trump. I suspect Kohn sent out this tweet because she was confident, as so many in the media bubble were, that he was never going to be elected President. How could such a thing happen? Hadn’t he been called a racist, a sexist, a misogynist, a Russian plant, someone who mocks the disabled, an Islamophobe, and every other smear in the vaunted leftist arsenal? Wasn’t Mitt Romney’s destruction carried out with far less damning material? Well, Trump wasn’t Mitt Romney. The hysterical, false attacks didn’t work, despite progressives’ confidence in their own smear machine. That confidence remained right up until election day — and some are still convinced it works. Long may their delusion last!

One of the remarkable things about Donald Trump is that he didn’t just beat the progressive establishment — he also beat the conservative establishment. Two political tribes that dominated Washington for half a century were defeated in the space of one election campaign. All the darlings of the conservative establishment — Jeb, Rubio, Ted, and (most hilariously) Evan McMullin were all crushed beneath the wheels of the Trump Train. They, like the progressives, insisted that Trump could never win, right up until election day. And some establishment conservatives still haven’t quite come to terms with the fact that there’s someone in the White House who has higher priorities than tax cuts for Goldman Sachs bankers.

There is a cosmic, almost divine comedy to our opponents’ behaviour. What could be more delicious than the media’s decision, when trust in their institution was at an all-time low, to make “Fake News” the narrative of the day after Trump’s election? I mean, what did they think was going to happen? Throughout the campaign, the media threw lie after lie and smear after smear at Donald Trump, blissfully unaware that with every outrageous story they ran, public trust in their profession sank a little lower. Thus the hysterical media campaign against Trump contained the seed of its own destruction from the very beginning. Like Brexit, GamerGate and me, the enmity of the lying press became one of Trump’s greatest selling points to the public. And as the screenshot above shows, they’re still doing it!

Sally Kohn probably knew her tweet wasn’t true when she sent it. Given the fear and hysteria whipped up by Kohn and her ilk, anyone could have predicted the anger, tears, and rioting from progressives that followed the election of Donald Trump. I suspect Kohn sent out this tweet because she was confident, as so many in the media bubble were, that he was never going to be elected President. How could such a thing happen? Hadn’t he been called a racist, a sexist, a misogynist, a Russian plant, someone who mocks the disabled, an Islamophobe, and every other smear in the vaunted leftist arsenal? Wasn’t Mitt Romney’s destruction carried out with far less damning material? Well, Trump wasn’t Mitt Romney. The hysterical, false attacks didn’t work, despite progressives’ confidence in their own smear machine. That confidence remained right up until election day — and some are still convinced it works. Long may their delusion last!

One of the remarkable things about Donald Trump is that he didn’t just beat the progressive establishment — he also beat the conservative establishment. Two political tribes that dominated Washington for half a century were defeated in the space of one election campaign. All the darlings of the conservative establishment — Jeb, Rubio, Ted, and (most hilariously) Evan McMullin were all crushed beneath the wheels of the Trump Train. They, like the progressives, insisted that Trump could never win, right up until election day. And some establishment conservatives still haven’t quite come to terms with the fact that there’s someone in the White House who has higher priorities than tax cuts for Goldman Sachs bankers.

There is a cosmic, almost divine comedy to our opponents’ behaviour. What could be more delicious than the media’s decision, when trust in their institution was at an all-time low, to make “Fake News” the narrative of the day after Trump’s election? I mean, what did they think was going to happen? Throughout the campaign, the media threw lie after lie and smear after smear at Donald Trump, blissfully unaware that with every outrageous story they ran, public trust in their profession sank a little lower. Thus the hysterical media campaign against Trump contained the seed of its own destruction from the very beginning. Like Brexit, GamerGate and me, the enmity of the lying press became one of Trump’s greatest selling points to the public. And as the screenshot above shows, they’re still doing it!

I am the supervillain of the Internet, and I am also the ghost of Christmas come. It’s different than the ghost of Christmas future…. We had a thing, but it didn’t work out.

Most of you won’t be aware of this, but I’ve recently become a feminist icon! I’ve just come from the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee, where I made women on campus a little bit safer. I’ve rid their bathrooms of a dude in a dress!

During my talk there, I drew attention to the case of Justine Kramer, a so-called transwoman who used Title IX laws to force his way into women’s locker rooms. Legislation created to protect women is now used to put men in their restrooms.

Now, Justine Kramer is apparently upset, because I used his old name instead of his new fake one, Adelaide. And he’s quitting the university! Well, on behalf of the women at UWM, bye!

And if you think I’m being mean, consider what Justine did to get himself into the women’s locker room. Sued. In other words, did what all progressives do to insinuate themselves where they are not wanted: call on the ultimate patriarchal authority of the state.

I was accused by Justine in news reports today of “violent” speech, as though such a thing could ever occur. I mean honestly. If you can’t take a joke, how are you going to cope with getting your dick chopped off?

Anyway, anyway. Christmas is next week, can you believe it? Maybe you have finals before winter break. I’m sure there would be more protesters here today but they are all trying to finish their term paper: “Why all white men are literally Hitler”. They all independently arrived at the same title, it’s amazing!

I’m very happy that we were all able to come here today, you know that at one point it was questionable if the Dangerous Faggot tour would make it to Mankato, right? Your school, Minnesota State University, tried to join a growing wave of universities trying to force cancellations of my tour stops by burdening student groups with high security fees.

They don’t have the balls to cancel shows themselves and expose their repressive anti-free speech nature, so they get creative and attempt to make the events cost prohibitive.

It’s true, I’m not a cheap date. But that’s my personal life! My tour doesn’t charge an appearance fee, and I won’t let cowardly university administrations try to shut down my events with surprise costs for students. When it happens, we name them and shame them, and most universities, like Minnesota State, come to their senses.

Do I look dangerous to you?

And no one needs security from the students in this room, who are hard working, law abiding — at least most of the time — and studying actual useful topics like engineering, not gender studies.

Do you think they had a prayer of keeping me away from MSU? Your town has MAN in the name, I was destined to come here.

Still, I’m told by student organizers that Minnesota isn’t quite as bad as some other places. You have a good, free-speech friendly president here, Richard Davenport, who I’m told worked hard to make this event happen. Well, good for him — he’s saved Minnesota State from going the way of the University of Missouri.

Minnesota was in the news again last week involving that OTHER school I spoke at… University of Minnesota. It turns out web ads they purchased ended up on Breitbart.com. It wasn’t an ad specifically placed on Breitbart, it was just served up by Google — but liberals went nuts.

The school received a quote “small but vociferous” email campaign from students and alumni upset that the University of Minnesota would advertise on Breitbart. I’m sure the emails were in all caps and included lots of typos as their authors typed through real tears.

The key point is that the campaign was small, because there aren’t really that many social justice warriors, but that it was vociferous and above all else, worked. U of M pulled the ads.

They pulled their ads because they agree with the campus crybabies, they think conservatives are horrific and distasteful.

The ads the University of Minnesota pulled were to sell tickets for sporting events. Who do you think goes to sports events? The 45 million readers of Breitbart? Or bitter lesbian vegans commenting on toxic masculinity at Gizmodo and the Huffington Post?

When did “The customer is always right” become “The customer is always a bigoted hate-filled Nazi misogynist”?

Sooner or later advertisers will remember to think with their pocketbooks instead of their politics. Conservatives are a huge market, and no company selling to the broad marketplace should purposefully piss them off. Just look what happened to Kellogg’s! Stock price hit, online reputation irrecoverable…  it really doesn’t pay to pick a fight with Breitbart. Or with the dangerous faggot.

Lots of Breitbart fans have sworn off their cereals, and some are already losing weight. Because after all cereal is just gross sugary crap for fat people.

Advertisers… Conservatives ARE your market… I’m sorry you lost the election and your globalist agenda, but you can still love your customers.

But come, let’s speak of happier things. I’d like to start off the main portion of this evening’s talk with a simple phrase. One you’re not supposed to say in America any more in polite society.

MERRY CHRISTMAS!

To many liberals, that is the most triggering thing I’ve said on my entire tour…. And I’ve said some seriously triggering things about feminists, lesbians, hate crime hoaxers, (those last three ar the same), Muslims, cyclists, Democrats, the obese, cross-dressers… you name it

Donald Trump has made no bones about liking the phrase Merry Christmas, he said it in front of Christmas Trees as part of his victory tour.

Contrast this with President Obama, whose traditional presidential Christmas cards don’t even say Christmas on them this year.

President Obama is also only the fourth President to have his own picture on the Christmas card. The previous ones are Herbert Hoover, FDR, and Bill & Hillary Clinton.

It figures that Obama and Hillary would be two of the most egotistical people in what is already, let’s be honest, a pretty ego-driven job.

If Hillary had won the presidency, her Christmas card would be her and her entire medical staff. All 58 of them.

They take the picture from a helicopter to get the whole group in, and somehow Bill still wouldn’t be in the picture.

As recently as a few years ago, I thought the war on Christmas was a big joke. I thought Christians were looking for things to complain about so they could get attention.

Some of their tactics seemed similar to what we see today from social justice warriors. Honestly, to me, Christians complaining about the war on Christmas were just social Jesus warriors.

But then I looked around, and realized the war on Christmas is real, and Christians are losing. In their rush to placate everyone and offend no one — and in particular to pander to Islam — the left wants to shut down Christianity.

From the liberal reaction to Christmas, you’d think Santa and his reindeer took down the twin towers.

Or maybe it was Christmas shoppers who attacked non-believers with a knife in a Minnesota mall.

Just kidding, those were all Muslims.  The exact people the left is trying to placate. They honestly believe if they grovel hard enough, they won’t be murdered.

They also believe if they squeeze their eyes hard enough and say magic words, Tinkerbell will make Hillary Clinton President, so I guess it isn’t a leap to think the Muslims will someday love them if only they hug hard enough.

Bad news, ladies: that’s not a boner, it’s a bomb.

Just like feminism and identity politics, the left has concentrated its efforts on the young. An annual poll by the Public Religion Research Institute shows that 66% of Americans under 30 support saying Happy Holidays instead of Merry Christmas. Only 39% of those over 65 feel that way.

Old people know our country is in trouble, besides the Christmas thing. But when they tell kids to get off their lawn these days the kids reply the lawn is the property of Native-Americans and was stolen by the white man.

The war on Christmas continues unabated. It is all about the only concept held sacred by the secular left — diversity. Anything that promotes or supports Diversity is good, anything that is not inclusive or supportive of diversity is bad.

In the minds of a liberal, someone who isn’t Christian might be offended if we say Merry Christmas to them, so we shouldn’t say Merry Christmas to anyone. The logic is bizarre!

I think the problem is that most leftists only know people like themselves. Miserable atheists who don’t believe in anything except authoritarian control of speech and thought by the government.

I know all sorts of people. Do you know what happens if I say Merry Christmas to a Jewish friend? To the sounds of any alt-righters in the room choking on their egg-nog, the Jew will most likely say “Thanks, you too” or they might say “Oh, I’m Jewish”.

At which point like any sane person I say “Happy Hanukkah”. The same thing with a Chinese person! Half my dates celebrate Kwanzaa, obviously, but I’d still tell them Merry Christmas.

This is how normal people operate in social sitations.

The only people who don’t celebrate Christmas and can’t mentally process “Merry Christmas” into “Happy Sunday” are people looking to be offended. The people who are itching to say “excuse me????”

What the secular soulless left fails to understand is that most people aren’t as eager to take offense as they are. In fact, lots of non-christians around the world celebrate Christmas too. Because who doesn’t like exchanging presents? OK, I’ll admit it… I prefer to receive.

Well, of course.

The typical government drone intent on shutting down Christmas would be terribly triggered by visiting Hong Kong this time of year. Hong Kong is a city of many religions like Buddhism, confucianism, Kung Pao-ism, chicken chow mein-ism…. Ok I made some of those up. But they have lots of Christmas displays with trees and angels and everything we’re used to surrounding the holiday.

Most Hong Kong citizens have never seen snow, but it is part of their decorations as well. Why aren’t they as offended by Christmas as American leftists are? Because they recognize Christmas is joyful and loads of fun. They put substance above diversity, just like we should.

Leftists wage the war on Christmas using their traditional methods- government fiat and the court system. They never win voting, and they certainly don’t win in the free market, so they bravely fight their battles through big government.

Every year the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty hands out the Ebenezer award for the most insane government attack on Christmas and Hanukkah. A few recent winners are real eye-openers.

The 2015 winner is the Department of Veteran Affairs for banning employees from saying Merry Christmas to vets. They probably think non-christian employees who hear that deserve combat pay! They also banned singing Christmas carols in public spaces.

I understand employees were able to whisper Merry Christmas, and they could play holiday music as long as it wasn’t too Christian.

Don’t the vets deserve a little bit better? Is diversity really worth it? These are simple questions to anyone that doesn’t work for the government.

The 2012 award went to Governor Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island. He had renamed the state’s Christmas Tree to be the official “Holiday Tree” of Rhode Island. In 2011 he was embarrassed when people gathered at the tree lighting ceremony and sang “Oh Christmas Tree”, so in 2012 he gave only 30 minutes notice for the timing of the tree-lighting.

He sure showed those pesky Christmas Carollers!

Note that the 2012 winner narrowly beat out the City of Santa Monica which shut down a nativity scene that had been displayed for more than 50 years. Can you imagine? 50 years, but it suddenly wasn’t good enough for Santa Monica. Residents got around that action by staging a live nativity performance — luckily Christians can be very inventive.

What will win the award this year? Unfortunately there are more and more attacks on Christianity all the time. I was just over in Indiana, and now a tiny town called Knightstown has removed a cross from their Christmas tree to avoid fighting the ACLU.

If anyone still thinks the war on Christmas isn’t real I invite you to explain to the residents of Knightstown why the ACLU threatened them with a lawsuit.

It is like Memories Pizza but even crazier. But that’s enough about pizza, I don’t want to get myself in trouble.

One example of Christians fighting back in the war on Christmas came up last year with Starbucks cups. To many of you this was a literal tempest in a teapot, but it was still important.

Last year Starbucks ditched its traditional red cups with Christmas themed designs in favor of a plain red cup. Christians on social media were outraged. A lot of them boycotted Starbucks over it.

Starbucks was simply trying to follow their hyper-liberal values of not offending ANYONE and embracing DIVERSITY. The fact is, Starbucks capitalizes on Christmas with a Christmas coffee blend, Christmas tree ornaments, and all sorts of other touches.

They don’t hate Christmas, they just want everyone else to love them. But when Christmas is under siege, it sends a very different message to Christians.

At least when Starbucks made their move, they kept it lowkey. Braver leftists would have thrown Islamic religious symbols onto the cup, since Islam is the religion of peace and how we should all live our lives.

That kind of move always backfires, of course —  there would be a fatwa issued against them for violating an obscure rule in Sharia that Islamic symbols must never be placed on cups, and we’d have loads of Oregonian lesbian baristas with dreadlocks getting their throats cut.

Maybe not so bad, I don’t know.

This year, Starbucks learned their lesson to a certain extent. They have their red cups with various Christmas themed designs created by Starbucks customers.

Starbucks was a win for Christians. Since coffee is part of the free market instead of the government, they were forced to listen to their customers.

Christmas and Christianity are worth fighting for. I like to say Catholics are right about everything, but in the same way that a Christmas family gathering includes your cousins who are a bit slow, I will include Protestants in this discussion as well.

There are so many things that we owe the religion as a debt of gratitude, I can’t listen many of them without this turning into a pep rally for Jesus and his Apostles.

Thinks about some of the things Christianity brought to western civilization:

In the twelfth century marriage came to be counted as a sacrament by the catholic church. As a sacrament, it does not require a priest, only the agreement of the man and woman, which is the greatest protection ever given to women in a system of marriage: by the Church’s argument, women cannot be married against their will, they and their bridegrooms must both say, “I do.”

Think about that ladies — without the catholic church getting smart hundreds of years ago, you’d be married off to the highest bidder by your family. Which is one of my personal fantasies, but I realise other people have different views.

In the Islamic word girls are married off as little girls in some cases, and share a husband with other women in others. And once you are married, heaven forbid you bring shame to your husband by, say, getting raped, or you might get caned, stoned, or suffer an honor killing.

Even if we strongly dislike women’s studies departments, we should all be thankful that they don’t involve classes on proper burka maintenance. And that is due to the Catholic church. You’re welcome, feminists!

This one is ironic — the education system is one of the most anti-Christian parts of America, but it began life as largely a Christian endeavor.

The first law in America to require general education was called “The Old Deluder Satan Act” to teach children to read the Bible in 1647.

122 of the first 123 colleges in America were christian universities. Think about Harvard University, one of the epicenters of liberalism today.  This is the founding statement of Harvard:

Let every student be plainly instructed, and earnestly pressed to consider well, the maine end of his life and studies is, to know God and Jesus Christ which is eternal life,  John 17:3?

That statement would have today’s students shaking and crying and demanding a safe space!

Today many of these universities have become like DePaul in Chicago… catholic in name only…. But nevertheless America owes higher education and education in general to the Christian tradition.

Western science developed in the way that it did because Catholics believe God created everything–which means it is all worth contemplating as the work of the Creator. They were not looking for the watchmaker, as some seventeenth and eighteenth century philosophers put it, but for the structure of the whole as a revelation of their Maker.

Without Catholicism science would look completely different. And keep in mind if you want to point out the science that came out of Islam that most of those scientists were in captured territories. They were Christians, Jews, and people from dozens of other cultures subjugated under Islam. Sort of like western Europe today!

No lecture on Christmas would be complete without at least one bible quote. And here it is, Galatians 3:28

There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.

The bible is arguing against the identity politics that has gripped western civilization in the last few decades. Identity doesn’t matter, because we are all human beings. The most vibrant places on earth for the catholic church are in South America, Africa, and even China. Hardly what you’d expect from a religion painted by the left as evil and white.

This last one is especially ironic. Who’d ever think that the Catholic church practiced what so many on the left use to fight Christianity today? But the fact is, it is there! The Catholic church was always held separate from countries and the kings that ruled them.

It is true that Emperors and Kings had to answer to the Pope, but the pope didn’t always win.

Philip IV’s humiliation of Pope Boniface VIII is a good example of that. An episode of history with which I know you will all be intimately familiar.

But the important thing is that the church was separate from the country. Protestants changed all that, leaving the religion of a land up to its rulers. This mingling of government and religion had a predictable result- it worked about as well as Obamacare.

Catholics are also right about birth control and abortion. And capitalism would have been impossible without Christianity. But I’ll leave you to Google those to annoy your thin-skinned atheist friends.

Besides Christianity and specifically Catholicism being wonderful, Christmas is intrinsic to American culture and worth defending.

Think of what happens at Christmas time. People play Mariah Carey Christmas songs…. What else do you need in life?

But seriously, there is so much joy. We eat a lot, we drink a lot. We make peace with family to whatever extent is possible on this Earth, after all none of us are saints right?

We buy all sorts of things for those we care about, many of which will be hated and returned so those people can get something they actually want. But it is after all the thought that counts, right?

Western Europe has to a great extent separated itself from the Christian underpinnings of its culture, and you are seeing the results on the news every day. America has not done so yet. Christmas is worth defending because America is worth defending.

As much as the left hates free speech, what drives them up a wall more than every Dangerous Faggot Tour stop combined is the continuing existence of family values and the capitalistic holiday of Christmas. So make sure you have fun this Christmas, it pisses off your neighborhood campus crybaby. It is even more fun if there is one in your family!

What would Christmas be without mistletoe? A lot more boring, that’s what. Naturally, everyone’s favorite killjoys would very much like for it to disappear.

My god, they’re such miserable cunts!

Valentine’s day is of course the more well-known day of celebration for all things romantic, but I think Christmas is actually more fun. It’s the season of christmas office parties and mistletoe balls, when everyone gets hammered and makes out with that one cutie they’ve been eyeing all year … or has a train run on them by six drug dealers on the way home, in my case.

Everyone’s idea of romance is different!

In an era when feminists are working tirelessly to ensure both genders are terrified of coming within 10 feet of each other — women, because they’re afraid of “rape culture,” and men, because they’re afraid of false rape accusations — Christmas is needed more than ever.

Americans spend lots of money on Christmas. It is a big part of the economy. The left likes to pretend there is some kind of problem with this, but it’s totally cool with Jesus.

Think about the lessons from Charles Dickens’ “A Christmas Carol”.  Unlike the entertainments of today, where rich Hollywood liberals bellyache about rich Americans being evil, Ebenezer Scrooge isn’t the bad guy because he makes good money.

He is the bad guy because he lives a joyless and miserly existence, and doesn’t treat his employees well. Dickens’ issue with Scrooge isn’t that he made a lot of money, it is that he didn’t use any of it for charity and to help his fellow man.

Think about all of the good Scrooge does after he realizes the errors of his ways. None of them would be possible for a poor man. He pays for Tiny Tim’s medical treatment, he donates to charity, and he treats his employees better.

He already had wealth thanks to capitalism, he merely added some charity and virtue to go with his money.

I’m a firm believer in the prosperity gospel … How else to explain Milo Yiannopoulos?

We know that in general conservatives who favor capitalism are more charitably generous than liberals who favor a big government.

Capitalism encourages charity, while socialism discourages it. Once charity happens in the form of taxation, it turns us all into Scrooge.

From black Friday through the last shipping day from Amazon, which is a very important day for young people who seem to forget you can purchase presents in person instead of having them shipped, Christmas is a vital part of America’s capitalist culture.

I’d like to give all of you homework, I’m sure that’s what you wanted for Christmas from Uncle Milo isn’t it? The assignment is to read the new piece by David French in National Review titled “Why is so much media coverage of religion so dumb?”

This is an amazing article that truly gives you insight into the War on Christmas. The media has certainly been a part of that war for decades, they’re the real Grinch who stole Christmas.

French points out the most basic problem about the media is that they don’t believe what religious people say. Christians aren’t against gay marriage because of what the Bible says, but because they are bigots. Jihadists aren’t committing acts of terror in the name of Islam as they claim, they are terrorists because of bigoted Christians… along with all other westerners.

The second problem is that the media assigns the failings of the individual to the religion as a whole. A sinner doesn’t make the whole religion corrupt. Why are you all staring at me???

Yes, I admit it, I am a sinner, but all people sin, we are human and God knows that. Even corrupt religious leaders do not somehow make the religion wrong. Jesus overturned the money changer’s tables in the Temple, he didn’t burn the temple down.

Thirdly, reporters think they can do a Google search or worse yet pull up Wikipedia and become fully versed on a religious concept. This results in amazingly stupid analyses of topics they have not the slightest clue about. In other words, it becomes the typical fake news we’re all used to.

I must share a final bit of David French’s article. It is so good I am going to include the whole quote. If David is listening, and if he isn’t he should be, thank you for shining a light on why the press does such a bad job with religion.

“Finally, in spite of the enormous diversity of human experience, there are still those (even in the ranks of reporters and pundits) who believe that all religions basically teach the same things. Experience with Evangelicals and jihadists most clearly shows the distinctions. Evangelicals represent one of America’s most generous and charitable communities. But for Mormons, they’d be the most generous. Christians follow a God who gave his life on a cross. Jihadists follow a warlord, and they’re generous mainly with the sword.”

This sums it up. Our media, cultural elite, and educators don’t understand Christianity and have no interest in doing so. THAT is why we must fight them.  

We know we can beat them, we already have. We don’t even need Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer to guide the way!

There is plenty to worry about in America today, whether it is Somalis who grew up here in Minnesota but now fight for ISIS, or what will happen with President Trump’s many campaign promises.

Thank you for listening, and on with the festivities!
